README.md, before:

[![A mockup of a phone with a Screenshot of SvelteLab opened. SvelteLab: A REPL for SvelteKit projects: quickly spin up a SvelteKit Projects and share it with the world!](./header.png)](https://www.sveltelab.dev/)

---

**✨ Features:**

- 🌗 Light / Dark Mode
- 🚨 TypeScript Errors
- 🎨 Command Palette: <kbd>Ctrl / CMD</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd>
- 🧹 Code Formatting
- 📒 Templates (TypeScript, Tailwind, mdsvex)
- 📄 SvelteKit File Icons
- 🛤️ SvelteKit Route Generation
- ➕ [Svelte Add](https://github.com/svelte-add/svelte-add)
- 📦 Install Packages
- ⌨️ Vim Keybindings
- 👻 Hide Config Clutter (show file tree from `/src`)

🧡 Made with Svelte, for Svelte, by Svelte lovers!

🔌 Powered by SvelteKit, WebContainers, CodeMirror, Xterm.js and PocketBase

---

[🧪 Try it out now on sveltelab.dev!](https://sveltelab.dev/)

[![](https://api.iconify.design/material-symbols:docs.svg?color=%23ff4000) Read the Docs](http://docs.sveltelab.dev/)

[![](https://api.iconify.design/material-symbols:error-circle-rounded.svg?color=%23ff4000) Create an Issue](https://github.com/sveltelab/sveltelab/issues/new/choose)

[![](https://api.iconify.design/simple-icons:discord.svg?color=%23ff4000) Join the Discord](https://discord.gg/FbnT6wujQx)

![](https://api.iconify.design/simple-icons:twitter.svg?color=%23ff4000) Twitter: [@PaoloRicciuti](https://twitter.com/PaoloRicciuti), [@SarcevicAntonio](https://twitter.com/SarcevicAntonio)

---

# Development

```
cp .env.sample .env
pnpm i
pnpm dev
```

Commit message:

Local Pocketbase and password auth (#243)

README.md, after:

[![A mockup of a phone with a Screenshot of SvelteLab opened. SvelteLab: A REPL for SvelteKit projects: quickly spin up a SvelteKit Projects and share it with the world!](./header.png)](https://www.sveltelab.dev/)

---

**✨ Features:**

- 🌗 Light / Dark Mode
- 🚨 TypeScript Errors
- 🎨 Command Palette: <kbd>Ctrl / CMD</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd>
- 🧹 Code Formatting
- 📒 Templates (TypeScript, Tailwind, mdsvex)
- 📄 SvelteKit File Icons
- 🛤️ SvelteKit Route Generation
- ➕ [Svelte Add](https://github.com/svelte-add/svelte-add)
- 📦 Install Packages
- ⌨️ Vim Keybindings
- 👻 Hide Config Clutter (show file tree from `/src`)

🧡 Made with Svelte, for Svelte, by Svelte lovers!

🔌 Powered by SvelteKit, WebContainers, CodeMirror, Xterm.js and PocketBase

---

[🧪 Try it out now on sveltelab.dev!](https://sveltelab.dev/)

[![](https://api.iconify.design/material-symbols:docs.svg?color=%23ff4000) Read the Docs](http://docs.sveltelab.dev/)

[![](https://api.iconify.design/material-symbols:error-circle-rounded.svg?color=%23ff4000) Create an Issue](https://github.com/sveltelab/sveltelab/issues/new/choose)

[![](https://api.iconify.design/simple-icons:discord.svg?color=%23ff4000) Join the Discord](https://discord.gg/FbnT6wujQx)

![](https://api.iconify.design/simple-icons:twitter.svg?color=%23ff4000) Twitter: [@PaoloRicciuti](https://twitter.com/PaoloRicciuti), [@SarcevicAntonio](https://twitter.com/SarcevicAntonio)

---

# Development

1. download [fitting pocketbase binary](https://pocketbase.io/docs/) and place in root
1. `cp .env.sample .env`
1. `pnpm i`
1. `./pocketbase serve`
1. go to http://127.0.0.1:8090/_/ and setup your PocketBase Admin
1. `pnpm dev`
